Improve matching algorithm, especially when there are multiple matches and we want to find the best one. 
Maybe both lcs and match ratio, for both normalized name and original name must factor into a composite measure.

Companies with very short name can be attempted to normalize by removing a subset of stopwords.

Consider if these cases could be handled better:
o Warning: ignoring match between companies 'Pernod Ricard USA, LLC' and 'Pernod Ricard', countries differ
o Possible match for company 'Château Richard': 'Domaine Richaud' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Aniche Cellars': 'Antiche Cantine' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Avalon Vineyard': 'Bodegas Navalón' (Yellow)
? Possible match for company 'Barefoot Wine': 'Barefoot Cellars' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Bodegas Ferrera': 'A.A. Ferreira' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Brown Estate Vineyards': 'Brown Brothers' (Green)
? Possible match for company 'Cape Vineyards': 'Cape Wine Company' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Château Richard': 'Domaine Richaud' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Crossing Vineyards and Winery, Inc.': 'The Crossings Estate' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Dillian Winery': 'Lillian winery' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Domaine Delmas': 'Monte Delma' (Yellow)
Multiple possible matches for company 'Domaine Lapierre' (Green):
Possible match for company 'Dr. Frank Wines': 'Weing. Frank' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Frank Family Vineyards': 'Weing. Frank' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Frey Vineyards': 'Weing. Frey' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Grand River Cellars': 'Rivera' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Grosset Wines': 'Gosset' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Long Point Winery': 'Ch. la Pointe' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Mercer House Estate Winery': 'Champagne Mercier' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Meridian Vineyards': 'Ten. La Meridiana' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Nuevo Mundo': 'Bod. del Mundo' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Peller Estates Winery': 'Dom. Pellé' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Pleasant Valley Wine Company': 'Mount Pleasant' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Quinta da Boeira': 'Quinta da Romaneira' (Green)
Possible match for company 'Redwood Creek': 'Renwood Winery' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Reyes Winery': 'Bod. Reyes' (Green)
? Possible match for company 'San Antonio Winery': 'Ten. Sant' Antonio' (Yellow)
? Possible match for company 'Santa Julia Winery': 'Bod. Santa Julia' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'Santa Maria Vineyard & Winery': 'Ten. Santa Maria' (Green)
? Multiple possible matches for company 'Scott Cellars' (Green):
Multiple possible matches for company 'Scott Winery' (Yellow):
? Possible match for company 'Seghesio Family Vineyards': 'Fratelli Seghesio' (Yellow)
Multiple possible matches for company 'St Francis Winery' (Yellow):
Possible match for company 'Tamas Estates': 'St Tamás' (Green)
Possible match for company 'The Darling Wines': 'Darling Cellars' (Yellow)
? Possible match for company 'Trinchero Family Vineyards': 'Trinchero' (Yellow)
Possible match for company 'United Spirits, Inc.': 'United Wineries' (Green)
? Multiple possible matches for company 'Vintage Wine Estates' (Yellow):
? Possible match for company 'Wine Insights': 'Insight' (Yellow)


Possible errors in source data:
o Multiple possible matches for company 'Champagne Palmer & Co.' (Green): <- error in Vinmonopolet data?
    'Ch. Palmer' ('champagne palmer & co ' ≈ 'ch palmer')
    'Palmer & Co.' ('champagne palmer & co ' ≈ 'palmer & co ')
o Multiple possible matches for company 'De Martino' (Green): <- error in Barnivore data, DeMartino Wines and De Martino is the same company?
    'De Martino' ('de martino' ≈ 'de martino') <-- error in Vinmonopolet data, these are the same companies?
    'De Martino Vineyards' ('de martino' ≈ 'de martino vineyards')
o Multiple possible matches for company 'E. Guigal S.A.S.' (Green): <- error in Vinmonpolet data, these are the same companies?
    'E. Guigal' ('e guigal s a s ' ≈ 'e guigal')
    'Guigal' ('e guigal s a s ' ≈ 'guigal')
o Multiple possible matches for company 'Garcia Carrion' (Yellow): <- error in Vinmonpolet data, these are the same companies
    'J Garcia Carrion' ('garcia carrion' ≈ 'j garcia carrion')
    'J. Garcia Carrion' ('garcia carrion' ≈ 'j garcia carrion')
o Error in Barnivore data? Garcia Carrion is the same company as J García Carrión, S.A. ?
o Multiple possible matches for company 'Louis Bouillot' (Yellow): <- error in Vinmonopolet data, same company?
    'Dom. Louis Boillot & Fils' ('louis bouillot' ≈ 'dom louis boillot & fils')
    'Louis Bouillot' ('louis bouillot' ≈ 'louis bouillot')
o Multiple possible matches for company 'Stag's Leap Wine Cellars' (Yellow): <- error in Vinmonopolet data, same company?
    'Stag's Leap Wine Cellars' ('stag's leap wine cellars' ≈ 'stag's leap wine cellars')
    'Stags' Leap Winery' ('stag's leap wine cellars' ≈ 'stags' leap winery')
o Possible match for company 'Brown Brothers': 'Brown Brothers' (Yellow) <- error in Barnivore data?
  Possible match for company 'Brown Estate Vineyards': 'Brown Brothers' (Green)
o Possible match for company 'Charles de Fère': 'Charles de Fères' (Yellow) <- error in either data source
o Possible match for company 'Codorniu Wines': 'Codorníu' (Green)  <- error in Barnivore data?
  Possible match for company 'Codorníu, S.A.': 'Codorníu' (Green)
o Possible match for company 'McPherson Wine Co.': 'McPherson Wines' (Yellow) <- error in Barnivore data?
  Possible match for company 'McPhersons Cellars': 'McPherson Wines' (Green)
o Possible match for company 'Pernod Ricard Bodegas': 'Pernod Ricard' (Yellow) <- error in Barnivore data?
  Warning: ignoring match between companies 'Pernod Ricard USA, LLC' and 'Pernod Ricard', countries differ
o Possible match for company 'Weingut Marcus Huber': 'Markus Huber' (Green) <- error in either data source?
o Possible match for company 'Wildhurst Vineyards': 'Wildehurst Wines' (Yellow) <- error in either data source?
